mtest: wildcard selection (#11647)
mesonbuild/meson: docs/markdown/snippets/test_name_filters.md

## Wildcards in list of tests to run

> `meson test` command now accepts wildcards in the list of test names.

Reviewer: Grammar: "The `meson test` command".

For example `meson test basic*` will run all tests whose name begins
with "basic".

> meson will report an error is given test name does not match any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meson will report an error if the given test name does not match any
```

(one typo, one grammar nit)
